.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH WMXMMS 1 "March 29, 2003"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
WMmp \- A dockapp to interface with mpd
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B WMmp [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B WMmp
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBWMmp\fP is a dockapp to interface and control mpd. It is a dockapp 
that is supported by X window managers such as Window Maker, AfterStep, BlackBox, and
Enlightenment.

The song title and time is displayed in the top half.  The controls are
in the bottom half and reflect settings on mpd.
It has an LCD look-alike user interface.
The back-light may be turned on/off by clicking the mouse button 3 (right)
over the application.
 
You must set the MPD_HOST and MPD_PORT environment variables to run \fBWMmp\fP.  (If you use a password to contact mpd, set MPD_HOST to "password@host".)
.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long options
starting with two dashes (`\-'). A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-d,  \-\-display <string>
Attempt to open a window on the named X display. In the absence of  this option,
the  display  specified  by the
.B DISPLAY
environment variable is used.
.TP
.B \-bl, \-\-backlight
turn on back-light
.TP
.B \-lc, \-\-light\-color <color>
back-light color (rgb:6E/C6/3B is default)
.TP
.B \-i,  \-\-interval <number>
number of secs between updates (1 is default)
.TP
.B \-h,  \-\-help
show help text and exit
.TP
.B \-v,  \-\-version
show program version and exit
.TP
.B \-w,  \-\-windowed
run the application in windowed mode
.TP
.B \-bw, \-\-broken\-wm
activate broken window manager fix
.TP

.SH AUTHOR
WMmp was assembled by Anthony Peacock <bratag44@hotmail.com> It is based on code/design by
Thomas Nemeth <tnemeth@free.fr>.  It is largely based on WMMemMon and WMCPULoad by Seiichi 
SATO <ssato@sh.rim.or.jp>, WMMemLoad by Mark Staggs <me@markstaggs.net> and wmapm by Chris D. 
Faulhaber <jedgar@speck.ml.org> Michael G. Henderson <mghenderson@lanl.gov>. In addition wmusic 
by Hadess <hadess@hadess.net> and maintained by John <john+wmusic@jtan.com> was used as design
inspiration.
